Hackit & Run LLP (H&R) is a firm of solicitors specialising in property transactions in the UK and 
overseas. The firm has realised that property transactions are increasingly dealt with over remote 
communications. This has been exemplified by the fact that one of its main clients, a property developer 
called Mrs. Harvey (the buyer) has been trying to purchase a parcel of land from Mr L.M. Facey (the 
seller). However both Mrs. Harvey and Mr Facey’s work means that they are constantly travelling and it 
is highly unlikely that they will be able to visit their solicitors to finalise the land deal. In order that H&R 
retains its market share it is proposed that a comprehensive system for document handling, exchange 
and signing be established that is consistent with legal requirements and is fully enforceable under UK 
law. 
Consider the process of exchange of contracts with the land transaction between Mrs. Harvey and Mr 
Facey as an example and devise a communicating protocol between three parties: H&R, the seller’s 
solicitor and Mrs. Harvey, the buyer. Note the following points: - - - - - 
All of H&R’s communication with Mr Facey, the property seller is carried on with the seller’s solici- 
tor. There is no direct communication between H&R and the seller, Mr Facey. 
Contract and exchange – H&R will receive the contract from the seller’s solicitor and forward it to 
Mrs Harvey. 
Mrs Harvey digitally signs the contract (legally binding) and returns it to H&R. 
H&R sends the signed contract to the seller’s solicitor. 
H&R might have dealt with the seller’s solicitor before. It would be convenient if secure communi- 
cation is simplified between both parties if they have already communicated securely without loss 
of confidentiality, integrity and availability. Consider both cases, i.e. 
a) H&R and the seller’s solicitor have communicated already and 
b) this is the first time that H&R and the seller’s solicitor have communicated. 
Identify suitable encryption algorithms utilized in your contract exchange protocol. You can choose 
one from what you have studied or do research and look for one, or more algorithms. Justify your 
algorithm choices at the various stages of your protocol. Use suitable graphics and pseudocode or, 
for a higher level of difficulty, a full functioning code, using a programming language of your choice, to 
clearly illustrate your protocol. Identify the strengths and limitations of your protocol and discuss your 
findings.


This Agreement is made between Mrs. Harvey and Mr. L.M. Facey...
Date: 21 July 2025
